feat(console): add spring boot integration guide (#5740)
logto-io/logto: .changeset/soft-stingrays-beam.md

---
"@logto/console": patch
---

> Add new jave spring boot web integration guide to the application creation page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
add Java spring boot web integration guide to the application creation page
```
